Pokemon Fracture and Revolt is meant to provide a new, inspired, and dromatic take at the traditional pokemon story. It is also to be traditional, following the usual story beats of a usual pokemon game. It's not a drastic change from the usual format where people cuss and pokemon kill. It's a suble to substantioal change to how a pokemon story is told.

The story goes like this, you and your rival, are finaly of age to leve home and head out into the world with all kinds of inspired ideas as to how you will make your mark. First on your list of goals is to become the pokemon champion in the region. Your first couple of gym badges go smoothly and like how most go in pokemon games. Durring this time, it is established that you and your close knit group of peers are have a bond that is invaluble in this world. This is region, it is established that people are much more indiferent to eahother than in most pokemon games. After a while, the enemy faction, team bastion starts to make some serious moves in the region and things get hectic.

They are a contraversal group. Many support them. At the same time, they are made outlaws partly into the story, making them more drastic, contraversal, and dangerous. They are a nationalistic millitary group and there musical themes reflect that if you listen to there music.

They cause political up heval. A large faction is for them and a lare faction is against them. The region is fractured and team bastion is revolting.

You and your peers, agains all ods, work to unify the region and face the evil of team bastion head on. You fave certin death, but that does not stop you. You and your peers's and your bonds with there pokemon, there drive to become the champion, and there faith in God mean that they are incrediably motivated and won't let anyone stop them.
